DNS records

Clerk uses DNS records to provide session management and emails verified from your domain.

To see what DNS records you need, navigate to the Domains page in the Clerk Dashboard.

Note

It can take up to 48hrs for DNS records to fully propagate.

Tip

If you're unable to add a CNAME record for the Frontend API, you can use a proxy instead. See Proxying the Clerk Frontend API for more information.
Authentication across subdomains

When you set a root domain for your production deployment, Clerk's authentication will work across all subdomains. User sessions will also be shared across the subdomains.

Warning

By default, the Frontend API (FAPI) accepts cross-origin requests from any subdomain of your configured root domain, which increases your application's attack surface. For security purposes, it is strongly recommended to restrict which subdomains are allowed to make these requests by configuring a subdomain allowlist.

Examples

    example-site.com and dashboard.example-site.com
    dashboard.example-site.com and accounts.example-site.com

Note

If you're using passkeys, only the first scenario in the above example will work due to restrictions in the WebAuthn standard.

To share sessions and authentication across two different domains with the same Clerk application, see the Authentication across different domains guide.
Configure authorizedParties for secure request authorization

For enhanced security, it's highly recommended to explicitly set the authorizedParties option when authorizing requests. This option acts as an allowlist of origins to verify against, protecting your application from subdomain cookie leaking attacks. Without this setting, if an app on another subdomain of the same root domain as your Clerk app is compromised, that app could potentially generate valid sessions for your Clerk app.

The authorizedParties value should include a list of domains allowed to make requests to your application. Omitting this setting can expose your application to CSRF attacks.
Examples

The following examples show how to set authorizedParties with different Clerk helpers.
Set authorizedParties with clerkMiddleware()

clerkMiddleware({
  authorizedParties: ['https://example.com'],
})

Set authorizedParties with authenticateRequest()

clerkClient.authenticateRequest(req, {
  authorizedParties: ['https://example.com'],
})

Deploy certificates

The Clerk Dashboard home page will tell you what steps are still required to deploy your production instance. Once you have completed all of the necessary steps, a Deploy certificates button will appear. Selecting this button will deploy your production instance.
Troubleshooting
DNS records not propagating with Cloudflare

Clerk uses a DNS check to validate this CNAME record. If this subdomain is reverse proxied behind a service that points to generic hostnames, such as Cloudflare, the DNS check will fail. Set the DNS record for this subdomain to a "DNS only" mode on your host to prevent proxying.
Deployment stuck in certificate issuance

If your instance is stuck during TLS certificate issuance for longer than a few minutes, this might be caused due to certain CAA DNS records set on your primary domain.

CAA are DNS records you may set to denote which certificate authorities (CA) are permitted to issue certificates for your domain, as a security measure against certain attacks. When you deploy your application, Clerk attempts to provision certificates using either the LetsEncrypt or Google Trust Services certificate authorities.

Ensure that your primary domain (e.g., example.com) does not have any CAA records that prevent either LetsEncrypt or Google Trust Services from issuing certificates for your domain. To check this, run the following command in your terminal, replacing example.com with your app’s domain:

dig example.com +short CAA

If the command returns an empty response, your domain is correctly configured. If it returns any text, you need to remove the CAA records from your primary domain to avoid potential downtime during certificate renewal.
Incorrect domain

If you accidentally set the wrong domain, you can change it through the Clerk Dashboard or the Backend API. For more information, see the dedicated guide.